---
layout: post
title: Starting Again by Restarting
author: Jon Wrona
github: jonwrona
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). {{ page.date | date_to_string }}

_Table Tome_ is back in development! Honestly I don't expect many people to read this, but that's okay. Quite a while ago I posted on reddit about _Table Tome_, this cool new tool for D&D 5e that I had developed. Unfortunately, _Wizards of the Coast_ denied my request to use the spells from the Player's Handbook. I lost a lot of motivation to continue developing the site knowing that there was a very real possibility that I get a cease and desist regarding _Table Tome_, so I went a little quiet in terms of adding spells to the database, or adding features to the site.

Lucky for us _Wizards of the Coast_ has released the "Open Game License":http://dnd.wizards.com/articles/features/systems-reference-document-srd! And I got a burst of motivation!

I also had a semi stupid idea that I decided to go for. I started again, from scratch. Why? The original Table Tome code was my first shot at developing using the MEAN stack. Not to say that the code is terribly organized, but it wasn't something I was terribly proud of either. By restarting I'm setting a couple of goals for myself.

* Better documentation.
* Unit testing.
* Cleaner code overall.
* More open sourcey.

I have accomplished none of these so far (maybe cleaner code). My excuse is that I want the base functionality back up and running so that people have something to use and be excited about again, before I focus on getting other people involved. That base functionality is well on its way to being completed, and it should be ready soon(TM).

So I'm starting again, by restarting... wish me luck, and hopefully I get more help!

p(meta). -- _{{ page.author }} ("github@{{ page.github }}":https://github.com/{{ page.github }})_